
I don't know where there recipe originates from, but there were a bunch of "No Knead" bread recipes that were going
around a few years ago.  I always use the same base ratio of ingredients, but I vary the mix of flour (between
whole wheat/white/oats/etc).

The base ratio is remembered as 12-3-3-6.  My friend Matt said it like this a long time ago and it stuck.  Why this
order?  I don't know, but the numbers are nice and round and easy to convert to make any size batch.  Here is how it
works:

* 12 cups of flour
* 3 tablespoons of salt
* 3 tablespoons of yeast
* 6 cups of water

In this quantity it would be a lot of bread (or pizza dough).  So, I usually do 1/3 or 1/2 batches.  A 1/3 batch is
approximately 3 - 11 inch pizzas.


I think the order of combining ingredients is important, so here is how I normally combine things:
* Put the water in a large part and make it warm.  I add a tiny amount of sugar for the yeast (1/4 teaspoon for a half batch, but don't be too exact)
* Add the yeast and wait a few minutes until you see the bubbles form.
* Add the flour and salt
* Stir thoroughly, but you don't have to do any crazy work like kneading
* Keep the bread warm and covered for at least 45 minutes to a few hours. After that you can store it ready to use in a fridge for a long time.
* Bake like normal bread (loaves for 25-30 min at 350F)


Example whole wheat garlic bread recipe (1/2 batch) which is enough for two medium sized heavy loaves:
* 6 cups flour ingredients (1/2 cup instant rolled outs, 1 cup whole wheat, 4.5 cups white bread flour)
* 1.5 tbsp of yeast
* 1.5 tbsp of salt
* 3 cups of water
* 1/2 tsp black pepper
* 3 tbsp flax seeds
* 3 finely chopped cloves of garlic (10 would be good too)





